c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\HonoursProject_v04.dll.config
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\HonoursProject_v04.dll
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\HonoursProject_v04.pdb
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\obj\Debug\HonoursProject_v04.dll
c:\users\rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\obj\Debug\HonoursProject_v04.pdb
C:\Users\Rox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Rox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Rox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Rox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Rox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Rox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Rox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Rox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Rox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HonoursProject_v04\HonoursProject_v04\obj\Debug\HonoursProject_v04.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
